the founder of the aid group World
Central Kitchen says Israel's killing of
seven workers in Gaza was not a mistake
but a systematic targeting of their
Convoy three consecutive air strikes
attacked the workers vehicles on Monday
despite Israel being told where they
were going reports also suggest Israeli
officers and soldiers routinely violate
military regulations by acting on their
own an Israeli newspaper quoted Israeli
Army sources saying in Gaza everyone
does as he pleases well six of the
victims were foreign Nationals the other
was Palestinian un says it's suspending
the movement of Aid at night in Gaza
because of security
concerns well the founder of the aid
group Jose Andres has accused Israel of
carrying out a war against
humanity they were Target systematically
car by car they attacked the first car
were still trying to get all the
information on what happened on the
first car um we we have a feeling they
were able to escape safely because it
was an armor B this was only the the
third day we had armor vles within six
month trying to bring them in U but the
First Armor vle was hit uh they were
able to Sims Escape we still don't know
all the details on the events in terms
of people in your or people even that
they were able to move in the second one
um again this one was hit they were able
to move in the third one in the process
we know they were trying to
call uh but in the chaos of the moment
um whatever happened they uh to try to
be telling ibf that that what are they
doing that they were targeting Us in at
the conflicting Zone in an area
controlled by IDF them knowing that was
our teams moving on that route with two
armor with three cars and then they hit
the third one and then we saw the
consequen of that continues targeting
attack seven seven people dead um but
there are seven on top of a least of
more than another 190 humanitarian
workers that they've been killed over
the last six months so this was not just
a bad
luck situation where oops we dropped the
bomb in the wrong place or or no this
was over 1.5 1.8 kilomet with a very def
humanitarian Convoy that had signs in
the top in the roof a very colorful logo
that we are obviously very proud of but
that that's very clear who we are and
what we do